1) There's a problem with the way MWG is calculated, which means 
that it's very hard to get values between ~200 and 365. 
This is because MWG is calculated for a calendar year (Jan to Dec), 
rather than a "gap year". Thus, if there is only one OGI day, the 
MWG is likely to be from sometime in summer to the end or beginning 
of the year, instead of spanning the entire winter. Will need to fix 
this with a sliding 3-year window or by making each year from 
June-June, but won't be able to in time for poster.

2) The relationship b/w emissions and MWG isn't that strong. I think 
there are two reasons for this. 1) MWG isn't being calculated properly 
(as above), and 2) each point represents emissions per cell, not per well. 
If you divide this number by the number of wells in that cell it should 
be more representative. Unfotunately well # was not recorded for each 
cell during simulations, so won't be able to do that for the poster. 
However, this should be an easy fix for the future.

3) There's no way to distinguish b/w years with 0, 1, 2, 3, or more 
LDAR visits. There is no max = 3 LDAR visits for the year, so given 
the minimum interval of 60 days, it's possible to do up to 6 visits 
in a year, which shouldn't happen. This needs to be fixed in the future,
particularly because Emissions vs MWG figure should differentiate between
these treatments. For this we need a variable like t_since_last_LDAR or
just record the date of each LDAR survey for each cell somewhere... It 
would be nice if the "# of visits" cap were a parameter that could be 
changes so that the model could be run for the US (4 visits)

4) Why is it so hard to get a MWG below ~25??

5) NetCDF files are a pain in the butt to work with, at least I haven't
been able to figure out a script that easily converts them to TIFF.
Matlab has a function that writes NetCDF to tiff... since the NetCDF
files we're using are one dimensional anyways, why not just write straight
to geoTIFF and skip over writing the files to NetCDF? Would be much easier.

6) Should we record/incorporate real dates into the model instead of 
just using timesteps?

7) For cell-by-cell data need two more variables: compliance (yes/no),
which tells whether the wells in that cell have met compliance for the 
year or not. The second variable needed is number of visits, so we can
compare cells that didn't meet compliance by not making the required
number of LDAR visits.

Question: What happens when a cell is not completed in a day? Does it count
as "visited" and the remaining wells in the cell ignored? Or does the cell
stay at the top of the priority list? Or does the model just attempt to go
back to this cell right away, regardless of weather?

